Add Atmos Pro integration to `atmos.yaml`. Add caching to `atmos.Component` template function. Implement `atmos.GomplateDatasource` template function (#647)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/stacks/templates/datasources.mdx

```
</File>

> After the above datasources are defined, you can use them in Atmos stack manifests like this:

Reviewer: IMO, "datasources" is a typo unless we're referring to the field `datasources`. If it's the general concept of "data sources", it should have a space. In other words `datasources` is not a word.

> After the above datasources are defined, you can use them in Atmos stack manifests like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the above data sources are defined, you can use them in Atmos stack manifests like this:
```

      vars:
        enabled: '{{ (datasource "config-2").config.enabled }}'
```

<File title="atmos.yaml">
```yaml
# https://pkg.go.dev/text/template
templates:
  settings:
    # Enable `Go` templates in Atmos stack manifests
    enabled: true
    # https://docs.gomplate.ca
    # https://docs.gomplate.ca/functions
    gomplate:
      # Enable Gomplate functions and datasources in `Go` templates in Atmos stack manifests
      enabled: true
      # Timeout in seconds to execute the datasources
      timeout: 5
      # https://docs.gomplate.ca/datasources
      datasources:

>         # 'http' datasource

Reviewer: Why are we deleting the practical example?

          url: "./config1.json"
        config-2:
          url: "file:///config2.json"
        # `aws+smp` AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store datasource
        # https://docs.gomplate.ca/datasources/#using-awssmp-datasources
        secret-1:
          url: "aws+smp:///path/to/secret"
        # `aws+sm` AWS Secrets Manager datasource
        # https://docs.gomplate.ca/datasources/#using-awssm-datasource
        secret-2:
          url: "aws+sm:///path/to/secret"
        # `s3` datasource
        # https://docs.gomplate.ca/datasources/#using-s3-datasources
        s3-config:
          url: "s3://mybucket/config/config.json"
```
</File>

<dt>`templates.settings.gomplate.datasources`</dt>
<dd>
A map of [Gomplate Datasource](https://docs.gomplate.ca/datasources) definitions.

The keys of the map are the datasource names (aliases), which are used in `Go` templates in Atmos stack manifests.
    For example:
    <File title="stack.yaml">
    ```yaml
    terraform:
      vars:
        tags:
          provisioned_by_ip: '{{ (datasource "ip").ip }}'
          config1_tag: '{{ (datasource "config-1").tag }}'
          config2_service_name: '{{ (datasource "config-2").service.name }}'

>     ```

Reviewer: Why are we deleting this? We should _not_ rely on the upstream documentation, which is a) not searchable from atmos b) not obvious to newcomers. We import more docs, in fact.

> An example of such a centralized software catalog could be https://backstage.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of such a centralized software catalog could be [Backstage](https://backstage.io).
```
